1	"Absolutely chuffed with this order! I hadn't heard of BackMarket before, so was a little skeptical, but I am glad I took the leap of faith."
1	"I ordered May 31."
1	"Bought IPhone 12 in excellent condition and arrived very efficiently."
1	"Absolutely chuffed to bits with my reconditioned Iphone 12."
1	"The iPhone 12 I purchased is in absolutely 1st class condition.
1	"Was unused at first with ordering a refurbished phone but took a risk and ordered an excellent condition iPhone 12."
1	"My blue iPhone 12 arrived by dpd delivery and I needed to show photo ID which I thought was good security."
0	"Very disappointed with the shell ordered: it is dirty, scratched and blistered in places."
0	"A bit ugly."
0	"Manufacturing defect in the hull see photo sent by email."
0	"Very disappointed with the quality of the product and the price which was extortionate."
0	"The case is great - basic, and sturdy and easy to fit."
0	"Foil Foils were not installed and not particularly great quality."
0	"Overpriced."
1	"I ordered the iPhone 12 mini in an excellent condition and it came exactly how I expected it too, was a little smaller than I’d imagined but it is a mini so can’t complain 😂 definitely recommend back market to anyone who considers buying a new and refurbished phone, it came as if I ordered a brand new phone from apple itself."
1	"I ordered the purple iPhone 12 mini for my wife at a very reasonable price having read the reviews first."
1	"I ordered an iphone 12 mini in excellent condition and it's perfect."
1	"I have never used Back Market before - however I'm used to buying second hand and refurbished phones, being fully aware of the benefits and occasional pitfalls I ordered an iPhone 12 Mini in Excellent condition for my partner."
1	"My daughter told me about Back Market when I needed a new iPhone."
1	"Fast, friendly, reassuring to have this contact when  nervously. buying a reconditioned mobile."
1	"Got this phone for my dad, upgrade from iPhone 8."
0	"The case is great - basic, and sturdy and easy to fit."
0	"Overpriced."
0	"Very disappointed with the quality of the product and the price which was extortionate."
0	"Manufacturing defect in the hull see photo sent by email."
0	"Very disappointed with the shell ordered: it is dirty, scratched and blistered in places."
0	"Foil Foils were not installed and not particularly great quality."
0	"A bit ugly."
1	"I ordered an iPhone 13 in excellent condition."
1	"Very happy with my new iPhone."
1	"Great quality product and received it on time."
1	"was the best decision I have ever made."
1	"Unexpected quality- to be honest I was skeptical when I ordered and thought it wouldn’t be as good as it is! Honestly couldn’t tell it was refurbished."
1	"I would recommend this site to anyone looking to purchase a refurbished item."
1	"Would definitely recommend buying a refurbished phone from back market because my phone has come and it is basically brand new! 100% battery health, not a single scratch and everything works perfectly! Fast delivery and feels like better than buying a brand new phone for the environment."
1	"AMAZING!! I ordered the iPhone 14 pro Max on a bank holiday Monday so I was expecting delivery to take a little longer than usual however it was delivered by Wednesday morning so almost next day! I have never had a refurbished phone before as I’ve always been a bit dubious about buying them but I don’t have a bad word to say."
1	"I was disappointed to find a scratch in the screen of my iPhone 14 pro max I spent the extra to get the ‘excellent’ condition."
1	"At first I was sceptical about buying from back market I thought the quality wouldn't be so great but the phone was in pristine new condition and works perfectly."
1	"I’ve been excited for this to arrive since I’ve ordered it."
1	"Like everyone else, i was feeling shady about the website but once i got my delivery and saw the product i was like wowed to the fullest."
1	"It’s absolutely crazy how great the phone looked, not a single scratch or mark anywhere, even when looking at it from about 2cm away, will definitely get my next phone from here."
1	"Fantastic."
1	"The phone was impeccable."
1	"Everythings works and look amazingly like out of the box."
1	"I am beyond impressed."
1	"I ordered and iPhone 14 in excellent co during as it was cheaper than the good condition though Mazuma it arrive in 2 days."
1	"Super quick delivery, I got an iPhone 14 and the battery was at 100% so very happy with that."
1	"My experience with backmarket was great."
1	"iPhone XR 64 was the first iPhone I bought for my son from Back Market when he turned 15 in 2021 and I think prior to that his first ever phone was an iPhone 6 bought somewhere in London."
1	"this is one of the best purchases i’ve ever made and from opening my package  which arrived next day by the way!. you wouldn’t have a clue that it was refurbished whatsoever! it came in the original box, with a satisfying peel off of the protective tape on the airpods case, it also came with the airpods case charger! bonus! and there were absolutely no scratches, no issues whatsoever and they were a dream to pair up to my iphone! i’m incredibly happy, they even came with each size ear tip so that you can find your perfect fit! i’m so delighted to have been given such a brilliant condition product and considering it was considered 'very good condition', i’d have worded it as 'perfect condition' in my eyes! i have 0 complaints and i cannot thank the seller & backmarket enough!."
1	"Very good."
1	"Very good."
1	"I love the airpods and the delivery process was fast and convenient."
1	"It works amazing!!!."
1	"Todo perfwcto."
1	"I bought the ones that were supposed to be on perfect condition but the mic doesn’t work and the battery empties very quickly  more than it should. Apart from that, the sound is pretty good."
1	"It’s good."
1	"Arrived in the space of 2 days sent very fast however the helmet had some trace of grease and white particles in the style of film there was a little everywhere on the helmet but good sound quality is crazy nothing to complain about that."
1	"Positive points: Product in good condition."
1	"This is the best helmet ever 🫶🏾 I received it in less than a week, not over-wrapped and in perfect condition."
1	"Everything works great."
1	"Perfect quality, received very quickly."
1	"Top."
0	"Although the phone initially arrived in good condition, at a modest cost, it completely opened up on the left-hand side, for no reason, in just over two months."
0	"The phone does not work with the film."
0	"Wrong envelope delivered, return label incorrectly addressed, then no refund because the shipment is allegedly incomplete."
0	"There are no accessories in my parcel."
